troubleshooting-rbe: document Missing Digest (#7994)
buildbuddy-io/buildbuddy: docs/troubleshooting-rbe.md

    com.google.devtools.build.lib.remote.common.CacheNotFoundException: Missing digest: 785e0ead607a37bd9a12179051e6efe53d7fb3eb05cc291e49ad6965ee2b613d/11504
```

This error occurs when Bazel is unable to find file(s) in the BuildBuddy Remote Cache that it expects to exist.

The first step to verify this issue would be to copy the hash of the missing blob.
Then navigate to the Invocation URL -> Cache -> "Cache requests" and paste the hash into the Filter input.
This will let you know if Bazel has tried to upload the blob to BuildBuddy Remote Cache or not.

If Bazel attempted to upload the blob and failed, there should be multiple retries attempted for the same blob.
The retry attempts can be configured with the `--remote_retries` (default 5) and `--remote_retry_max_delay` (default 5s) flags.
Additionally, `--experimental_collect_system_network_usage` (default true since Bazel 8) can be used to collect network usage data on Bazel's host machine.
This network data will be displayed as a graph in the "Timing" tab of the Invocation page.

> If there was no attempt from Bazel to upload the missing blob, this is caused by the mismatch of expectation between Bazel's local states and the BuildBuddy Remote Cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there was no attempt from Bazel to upload the missing blob, this is caused by a mismatch of expectation between Bazel's local state and the BuildBuddy Remote Cache.
```

> In a previous invocation (usually with Build without the Bytes turned on), Bazel local states was taught to assume that the blob is already in the Remote Cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a previous invocation (usually with Build without the Bytes turned on), Bazel local state was taught to assume that the blob is already in the Remote Cache.
```

> However, as time passed, the blob was evicted from BuildBuddy Remote Cache without Bazel's knowing about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, as time passed, the blob was evicted from BuildBuddy Remote Cache without Bazel's knowledge.
```

The best solution in this scenario is for Bazel to either re-upload the missing blob, or to re-execute the action that created the missing blob.
This is also known as "Action Rewinding" in Bazel terminology.
However due to the complexity of Bazel's code base, this feature is not yet fully implemented.

The existing solution includes 2 halves:

a. With `--experimental_remote_cache_lease_extension` and `--experimental_remote_cache_ttl` flags, Bazel will keep track of all the blobs involved in the latest invocation in a side-car thread.
This side-car will routinely "ping" BuildBuddy Remote Cache to let the server know that these blobs are still being used by Bazel.

> Our remote cache server will update the last used timestamp of these blobs accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our remote cache server will update the last used timestamps of these blobs accordingly.
```

b. With `--experimental_remote_cache_eviction_retries` (default 5) flag, Bazel will detect this specific error code and attempt to reset the local states and re-try the build.

> This will clear the local states in kept by Bazel and re-analyze the repository to determine which blobs are missing and which actions need to be re-executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will clear the local state kept by Bazel and re-analyze the repository to determine which blobs are missing and which actions need to be re-executed.
```

> If neither of these flag work, try running `bazel clean --noasync` to clear the local states manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither of these flags work, try running `bazel clean --noasync` to clear the local state manually.
```

Bazel JVM should be shut down by the time the clean finished. You can check your process monitor to verify this.
Then re-run the build with the same flags as before.

We also recommend disabling the local Disk Cache with `--disk_cache=''` while troubleshooting this type of issue as well as avoid using any remote cache proxy solutions.

> It will help narrowing down the root cause by not having to deal with multiple sources of remote cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will help narrowing down the root cause by not having to deal with multiple sources of remote caches.
```

Author: hmm im leaving this out as `sources` is already plural 🤔
